add conversion-metrics-docs (#4724)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/conversion-metrics.md

| conversion_type_params | Additional configuration specific to conversion metrics | List  | Required |
| entity | The entity for each conversion event | Entity | Required |
| calculation | How we perform the calculation. Either conversion_rate or conversions. Default is conversion_rate | String | Required |
| base_measure | The base conversion event measure | Measure | Required |
| conversion_measure | The conversion event measure | Measure | Required |
| window | The time window for the conversion event to occur i.e 7 days, 1 week, 3 months. Defaults to infinity.  | String | Required |
| constant_properties | List of constant properties. Defaults to None.  | List | Optional |
| base_property | The property from the base semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |
| conversion_property | The property from the conversion semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |

The following displays the complete specification for ratio metrics, along with an example:

```bash
metric:
	- name: The metric name # Required
		description: the metric description # Required
		type: conversion
	  type_params:

> 	    conversion_type_params:

Author: changed this to `metrics` and reformatted

	      entity: _entity_ # required
	      calculation: _calculation_type_ # optional. default: conversion_rate. options: conversions(buys) or conversion_rate (buys/visits) + more to come
	      base_measure: _measure_ # required
	      conversion_measure: _measure_ # required
	      window: _time_window_ # optional. default: inf. window to join the two events on. Follows similar format as time windows elsewhere (i.e. 7 days)
	      constant_properties: # optional. List of constant properties default: None
	        - base_property: _dimension_or_entity_ # required. A reference to a dimension/entity of the semantic model linked to the base_measure
	          conversion_property: _dimension_or_entity_ # same as base above, but to the semantic model of the conversion_measure

> ```

Author: this should be conversion not ratio, right?

| type_parameters | Specific configurations for each metric type. | List | Required |
| conversion_type_params | Additional configuration specific to conversion metrics. | List  | Required |
| entity | The entity for each conversion event. | Entity | Required |
| calculation | Method of calculation. Either `conversion_rate` or `conversions`. Default is `conversion_rate`. | String | Required |
| base_measure | The base conversion event measure. | Measure | Required |
| conversion_measure | The conversion event measure. | Measure | Required |
| window | The time window for the conversion event, such as 7 days, 1 week, 3 months. Defaults to infinity.  | String | Required |
| constant_properties | List of constant properties. Defaults to None.  | List | Optional |
| base_property | The property from the base semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |
| conversion_property | The property from the conversion semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |

The following code example displays the complete specification for conversion metrics and details how they're applied:

```yaml

> metrics:

Author: changes to metrics and formatted yaml

**VISITS**

| DS | USER_ID | REFERRER_ID |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook |
| 2020-01-04 | bob | google |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon |

**BUYS**

| DS | USER_ID | REFERRER_ID |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-02 | bob | facebook |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon |

Next, we define a conversion metric as follows:

```yaml
- name: visit_to_buy_conversion_rate_7d
    description: "Conversion rate from visiting the website to completing a transaction in 7 days"
    type: conversion
    label: Visit to Buy Conversion Rate (7 day window)
    type_params:
      conversion_type_params:
        base_measure: visits
        conversion_measure: sellers
        entity: user
        window: 7 days
```

To calculate the conversion, we need to be able to link the BUYS event to a VISITS event. Our approach is that a conversion will be linked to its closest base event. We walk through how the conversion is calculated in the following steps:

### Step 1:

This step joins the `buys` table to the `visits` table and gets all combinations of visits-buys events that match the join condition (any rows that have the same user and the buy happened at most 7 days after the visit).

> The SQL generated in these steps looks like the following:

Author: changed to lowercase to match dbt's style guide

```sql
SELECT
  COALESCE(subq_3.metric_time__day, subq_13.metric_time__day) AS metric_time__day
, CAST(MAX(subq_13.buys) AS DOUBLE) / CAST(NULLIF(MAX(subq_3.visits), 0) AS DOUBLE) AS visit_to_buy_conversion_rate_7d
FROM ( -- Base Measure
  SELECT
    metric_time__day
    , SUM(visits) AS mqls
  FROM (
    SELECT
      DATE_TRUNC('day', first_contact_date) AS metric_time__day
      , 1 as visits
    FROM visits
  ) subq_2
  GROUP BY
    metric_time__day
) subq_3
FULL OUTER JOIN ( -- Conversion Measure
  SELECT
    metric_time__day
    , SUM(buys) AS sellers
  FROM (
	.....
#The output of this subquery is the table produced in Step 3. The SQL is hidden for legibility. 
#To see the full SQL output and --explain to your conversion metric query. 
  ) subq_10
  GROUP BY
    metric_time__day
) subq_13
ON
  subq_3.metric_time__day = subq_13.metric_time__day
GROUP BY
```

**Set the value of null conversion events**

You may want to set the value of a null conversion event to zero instead of null, so the final data set returns zero. You can add the `fill_nulls_with` parameter to your conversion metric definition like this:

```yaml

> - name: vist_to_buy_conversion_rate_7_day_window

Author: formatteed yaml

    description: "Conversion rate from MQL to seller"
    type: conversion
    label: MQL to Seller Conversion Rate (1 week day window)
    type_params:
      conversion_type_params:
        # calculation: CONVERSIONS
        base_measure: mqls
        conversion_measure: 
          name: sellers
          fill_nulls_with: 0
        entity: mql
        window: 1 week

> ```

Author: should this be uncommented?

This will return the following result set:

<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/semantic-layer/conversion-metrics-fill-null.png" width="85%" title="Conversion metric with fill nulls with parameter"/>

**Setting the calculation type:**

The conversion calculation parameter can be used to either show the raw number of conversions or the conversion rate. The default value is the conversion rate. I can change the default to show the number of conversions by setting the `calculation: conversion` parameter:

```yaml
- name: vist_to_buy_conversions_1_week_window
    description: "Visit to Buy Conversions"
    type: conversion
    label: Visit to Buy Conversions (1 week window)
    type_params:
      conversion_type_params:
        calculation: conversions
        base_measure: visits
        conversion_measure: 
          name: buys
          fill_nulls_with: 0
        entity: user
        window: 1 week
```

**Setting a constant property for a conversion metric**

> 

Author: left off here = will come back after lunch

Back to our initial questions, we want to see how many customers viewed an item detail page and then completed *a purchase for the same product.* In this case, we would want to set product_id as the constant property. We would specify this in the configs as follows:

```yaml
- name: view_item_detail_to_purchase_with_same_item
  description: "Conversion rate for users who viewed the item detail page and purchased the item"
  type: Conversion
  label: View Item Detail > Purchase
  type_params:
    conversion_type_params:
      calculation: conversions
      base_measure: view_item_detail
      conversion_measure: purchase
      entity: user
      window: 1 week
      constant_properties:
        - base_property: product
          conversion_property: product
```

We will add an additional condition to the join to make sure the constant property is the same across conversion. 

```sql

> SELECT DISTINCT

Author: formatting to dbt style sql

---
title: "Conversion metrics"
id: conversion
description: "Use Conversion metrics to measure conversion events."
sidebar_label: Conversion
tags: [Metrics, Semantic Layer]
---

Conversion metrics allow you to define when a base event and a subsequent conversion event happen for a specific entity within some time range.

> For example, using conversion metrics allows you to track how often a user (entity) completes a visit (base event) and then makes a purchase (conversion event) within 7 days (time window). You would need to add a time range and an entity to join. Conversion metrics are different from [ratio metrics](/docs/build/ratio) because you need to include an entity in the pre-aggregated join.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, using conversion metrics allows you to track how often a user (entity) completes a visit (base event) and then makes a purchase (conversion event) within 7 days (time window). You would need to add a time range and an entity to join. 

Conversion metrics are different from [ratio metrics](/docs/build/ratio) because you need to include an entity in the pre-aggregated join.
```

---
title: "Conversion metrics"
id: conversion
description: "Use Conversion metrics to measure conversion events."
sidebar_label: Conversion
tags: [Metrics, Semantic Layer]
---

> Conversion metrics allow us to define when a base event happens and a subsequent conversion event happens for a specific entity within some time range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversion metrics allow you to define when a base event and a subsequent conversion event happen for a specific entity within some time range.
```

> - **Example**: Track how often a user (entity) completes a visit (base event) and then makes a purchase (conversion event) within 7 days (time window).

Reviewer: This would be better served if moved immediately following the description sentence above rather than a separate bullet point

"Conversion metrics allow you to define when a base event and a subsequent conversion event happen for a specific entity within some time range. For example, track how often a user (entity) completes a visit (base event) and then makes a purchase (conversion event) within 7 days (time window)."

- **Requirements**: A time range and an entity to join on.

> - **How it differs from [Ratio metrics](/docs/build/ratio)**: Includes an entity in the pre-aggregated join.

Reviewer: Don't know that these need to be bullet points in this scenario. Could maybe move the first point down to parameters and the second could be a follow up sentence to the description above

Author: jordan originally did have it as a paragraph without bullets but when i read it, i felt it was a lot of info at first glance. since this is a new metric type we're introducing, i chose to break it down further for the user. 

![Screenshot 2024-01-10 at 17 12 23](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/assets/89008547/a98bf221-dfa7-47ed-9daa-fb7d3717c00f)

Author: meeting you half way and remoing bullets but adding another line. + make it succinct

## Parameters

The specification for conversion metrics is as follows:

| Parameter | Description | Type | Required/Optional |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `name` | The name of the metric. | String | Required |
| `description` | The description of the metric. | String | Optional |

> | `type` | The type of the metric (such as derived, ratio, and so on). In this case, set as 'conversion' | String | Required |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type` | The type of metric (such as derived, ratio, and so on.). In this case, set as 'conversion' | String | Required |
```

Author: our style guide advises against latin abbreviations like 'etc' and suggests so on so will keep so on.

| `label` | Displayed value in downstream tools. | String | Required |

> | `type_parameters` | Specific configurations for each metric type. | List | Required |

Reviewer 2: this should be `type_params`

> | `type_parameters` | Specific configurations for each metric type. | List | Required |

Author: ```suggestion
| `type_params` | Specific configurations for each metric type. | List | Required |
```

| `conversion_type_params` | Additional configuration specific to conversion metrics. | List  | Required |
| `entity` | The entity for each conversion event. | Entity | Required |

> | `calculation` | Method of calculation. Either `conversion_rate` or `conversions`. Default is `conversion_rate`. | String | Required |

Author: ```suggestion
| `calculation` | Method of calculation. Either `conversion_rate` or `conversions`. Defaults to `conversion_rate`. | String | Optional |
```

> | `calculation` | Method of calculation. Either `conversion_rate` or `conversions`. Default is `conversion_rate`. | String | Required |

Reviewer 2: since there's a default here, I would think this should be Optional as you can technically leave it out of the spec and it would default to `conversion_rate`

| `base_measure` | The base conversion event measure. | Measure | Required |
| `conversion_measure` | The conversion event measure. | Measure | Required |

> | `window` | The time window for the conversion event, such as 7 days, 1 week, 3 months. Defaults to infinity.  | String | Required |

Author: ```suggestion
| `window` | The time window for the conversion event, such as 7 days, 1 week, 3 months. Defaults to infinity.  | String | Optional |
```

Author: like this @WilliamDee ?

> | `window` | The time window for the conversion event, such as 7 days, 1 week, 3 months. Defaults to infinity.  | String | Required |

Reviewer 2: Same as above with this having a default

> | `constant_properties` | List of constant properties. Defaults to None.  | List | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `constant_properties` | List of constant properties.  | List | Optional |
```

Author: @WilliamDee is it `none` or `None` with a capital N

Reviewer 2: We could probably just leave that out from  looking at other examples. this is just an optional field where if you don't put it then  nothing happens.

| `base_property` | The property from the base semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |
| `conversion_property` | The property from the conversion semantic model that you want to hold constant.  | Entity or Dimension | Optional |

The following code example displays the complete specification for conversion metrics and details how they're applied:

```yaml
metrics:
  - name: The metric name # Required
    description: the metric description # Required
    type: conversion
    type_params:
      conversion_type_params:

>         entity: _entity_ # Required

Reviewer: These examples should be formatted to match our Style Guide parameters for placeholder text https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#placeholder-text

        calculation: _calculation_type_ # Optional. default: conversion_rate. options: conversions(buys) or conversion_rate (buys/visits), and more to come.
        base_measure: _measure_ # Required
        conversion_measure: _measure_ # Required
        window: _time_window_ # Optional. default: infinity. window to join the two events on. Follows similar format as time windows elsewhere (such as, 7 days)
        constant_properties: # Optional. List of constant properties default: None
          - base_property: _dimension_or_entity_ # Required. A reference to a dimension/entity of the semantic model linked to the base_measure
            conversion_property: _dimension_or_entity_ # Same as base above, but to the semantic model of the conversion_measure
```

## Conversion metric example

> The following example will measure conversions from website visits (`VISITS` table) to order completions (`BUYS` table). Let's calculate a conversion metric for this scenario step by step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example will measure conversions from website visits (`VISITS` table) to order completions (`BUYS` table) and calculate a conversion metric for this scenario step by step.
```

> Suppose we have two semantic models, `VISITS` and `BUYS`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose you have two semantic models, `VISITS` and `BUYS`:
```

> - The `VISITS` table represents visits to an e-commerce site

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `VISITS` table represents visits to an e-commerce site.
```

- The `BUYS` table represents someone completing an order on that site.  

The underlying tables look like the following:

`VISITS`<br />
Contains user visits with `USER_ID` and `REFERRER_ID`.

| DS | USER_ID | REFERRER_ID |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook |
| 2020-01-04 | bob | google |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon |

`BUYS`<br />
Records completed orders with `USER_ID` and `REFERRER_ID`.

| DS | USER_ID | REFERRER_ID |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-02 | bob | facebook |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon |

> Next, we define a conversion metric as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, define a conversion metric as follows:
```

```yaml
- name: visit_to_buy_conversion_rate_7d
  description: "Conversion rate from visiting to transaction in 7 days"
  type: conversion
  label: Visit to Buy Conversion Rate (7-day window)
  type_params:
    conversion_type_params:
      base_measure: visits
      conversion_measure: sellers
      entity: user
      window: 7 days
```

To calculate the conversion, link the `BUYS` event to the nearest `VISITS` event (or closest base event). The following steps explain this process in more detail:

### Step 1: Join `VISITS` and `BUYS`

This step joins the `BUYS` table to the `VISITS` table and gets all combinations of visits-buys events that match the join condition where buys occur within 7 days of the visit (any rows that have the same user and a buy happened at most 7 days after the visit).

The SQL generated in these steps looks like the following:

```sql
select
  v.ds,
  v.user_id,
  v.referrer_id,
  b.ds,
  b.uuid,
  1 as buys
from visits v
inner join (
    select *, uuid_string() as uuid from buys -- Adds a uuid column to uniquely identify the different rows
) b
on
v.user_id = b.user_id and v.ds <= b.ds and v.ds > b.ds - interval '7 day'
```

> The dataset returns the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset returns the following (note that there are two potential conversion events for the first visit):
```

Author: good addition!

> Note that there are two potential conversion events for the first visit.

Reviewer: I would move this up in parenthesis immediately following the above statement. 
```suggestion
```

| V.DS | V.USER_ID | V.REFERRER_ID | B.DS | UUID | BUYS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook | 2020-01-02 | uuid1 | 1 |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |
| 2020-01-04 | bob | google | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |

### Step 2: Refine with window function

Instead of returning the raw visit values, use window functions to link conversions to the closest base event. You can partition by the conversion source and get the `first_value` ordered by `visit ds`, descending to get the closest base event from the conversion event:

```sql
select
  first_value(v.ds) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as v_ds,
  first_value(v.user_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as user_id,

>   first_value(v.referrer_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as referrer_id,

Reviewer 2: lets take out the `nulls first` to consolidate the example SQL.

Author: thanks @WilliamDee  - does this make sense?

```sql
select
  first_value(v.ds) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc) as v_ds,
  first_value(v.user_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc) as user_id,
  first_value(v.referrer_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc) as referrer_id,
  b.ds,
  b.uuid,
  1 as buys
from visits v
inner join (
    select *, uuid_string() as uuid from buys
) b
on
v.user_id = b.user_id and v.ds <= b.ds and v.ds > b.ds - interval '7 day'

```

Reviewer 2: Yup

  b.ds,
  b.uuid,
  1 as buys
from visits v
inner join (
    select *, uuid_string() as uuid from buys
) b
on
v.user_id = b.user_id and v.ds <= b.ds and v.ds > b.ds - interval '7 day'

```

The dataset returns the following:

| V.DS | V.USER_ID | V.REFERRER_ID | B.DS | UUID | BUYS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook | 2020-01-02 | uuid1 | 1 |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |

> This workflow links the two conversions to the correct visit events. Due to the join, we end up with multiple combinations, leading to fanout results. After applying the window function, duplicates appear. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow links the two conversions to the correct visit events. Due to the join, you end up with multiple combinations, leading to fanout results. After applying the window function, duplicates appear. 
```

To resolve this and eliminate duplicates, use a distinct select. The UUID also helps identify which conversion is unique. The next steps provide more detail on how to do this.

### Step 3: Remove duplicates

Instead of regular select used in the [Step 2](#step-2-refine-with-window-function), use a distinct select to remove the duplicates:

```sql
select distinct
  first_value(v.ds) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as v_ds,
  first_value(v.user_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as user_id,

>   first_value(v.referrer_id) over (partition by b.ds, b.user_id, b.uuid order by v.ds desc nulls first) as referrer_id,

Reviewer 2: same thing here, lets remove the `nulls first` part

  b.ds,
  b.uuid,
  1 as buys
from visits v
inner join (
    select *, uuid_string() as uuid from buys
) b
on
v.user_id = b.user_id and v.ds <= b.ds and v.ds > b.ds - interval '7 day';
```

The dataset returns the following:

| V.DS | V.USER_ID | V.REFERRER_ID | B.DS | UUID | BUYS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 2020-01-01 | bob | facebook | 2020-01-02 | uuid1 | 1 |
| 2020-01-07 | bob | amazon | 2020-01-07 | uuid2 | 1 |

> We now have a dataset where every conversion is connected to a visit event. To proceed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a dataset where every conversion is connected to a visit event. To proceed:
```

1. Sum up the total conversions in the "conversions" table.
2. Combine this table with the "opportunities" table, matching them based on group keys.
3. Calculate the conversion rate.

### Step 4: Aggregate and calculate

> Now that we’ve tied each conversion event to a visit, we can calculate the aggregated conversions and opportunities measures. Then we can join them to calculate the actual conversion rate. The SQL to calculate the conversion rate is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you’ve tied each conversion event to a visit, you can calculate the aggregated conversions and opportunities measures. Then, you can join them to calculate the actual conversion rate. The SQL to calculate the conversion rate is as follows:
```

```sql
select
  coalesce(subq_3.metric_time__day, subq_13.metric_time__day) as metric_time__day,
  cast(max(subq_13.buys) as double) / cast(nullif(max(subq_3.visits), 0) as double) as visit_to_buy_conversion_rate_7d
from ( -- base measure
  select
    metric_time__day,
    sum(visits) as mqls
  from (
    select
      date_trunc('day', first_contact_date) as metric_time__day,
      1 as visits
    from visits
  ) subq_2
  group by
    metric_time__day
) subq_3
full outer join ( -- conversion measure
  select
    metric_time__day,
    sum(buys) as sellers
  from (
    -- ...
    -- The output of this subquery is the table produced in Step 3. The SQL is hidden for legibility.
    -- To see the full SQL output, add --explain to your conversion metric query. 
  ) subq_10
  group by
    metric_time__day
) subq_13
on
  subq_3.metric_time__day = subq_13.metric_time__day
group by
  metric_time__day
```

### Additional settings

Use the following additional settings to customize your conversion metrics:

> - Null conversion values: Set null conversions to zero using `fill_nulls_with`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Null conversion values:** Set null conversions to zero using `fill_nulls_with`.
```

> - Calculation type: Choose between showing raw conversions or conversion rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Calculation type:** Choose between showing raw conversions or conversion rate.
```

Author: i initially bolded it and then went back on myself. should've gone with my instinct.

> - Constant property: Add conditions for specific scenarios to join conversions on constant properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Constant property:** Add conditions for specific scenarios to join conversions on constant properties.
```

> <Tabs>

Author: turned this content to tabs

<TabItem value="null" label="Set null conversion events to zero">

To return zero in the final data set, you can set the value of a null conversion event to zero instead of null. You can add the `fill_nulls_with` parameter to your conversion metric definition like this:

```yaml
- name: vist_to_buy_conversion_rate_7_day_window
  description: "Conversion rate from MQL to seller"
  type: conversion
  label: MQL to Seller Conversion Rate (1 week day window)
  type_params:
    conversion_type_params:
      calculation: conversions
      base_measure: mqls
      conversion_measure: 
        name: sellers
        fill_nulls_with: 0
      entity: mql
      window: 1 week

```

> This will return the following result set:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will return the following results:
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="calctype" label="Set calculation type parameter">

Use the conversion calculation parameter to either show the raw number of conversions or the conversion rate. The default value is the conversion rate.

You can change the default to display the number of conversions by setting the `calculation: conversion` parameter:

```yaml
- name: vist_to_buy_conversions_1_week_window
    description: "Visit to Buy Conversions"
    type: conversion
    label: Visit to Buy Conversions (1 week window)
    type_params:
      conversion_type_params:
        calculation: conversions
        base_measure: visits
        conversion_measure: 
          name: buys
          fill_nulls_with: 0
        entity: user
        window: 1 week
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="constproperty" label="Set constant property">

*Refer to [Amplitude's blog posts on constant properties](https://amplitude.com/blog/holding-constant) to learn about this concept.*

You can add a constant property to a conversion metric to count only those conversions where a specific dimension or entity matches in both the base and conversion events. 

> For example, if you're at an e-commerce company and want to answer the following questions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you're at an e-commerce company and want to answer the following question:
```

- _How often did visitors convert from `View Item Details` to `Complete Purchase` with the same product in each step?_<br />

>   - What makes this question tricky to answer is users could have completed these two conversion milestones across many products. For example, viewed a pair of shoes, then a T-shirt,  and eventually checked out with a bow tie. This would still count as a conversion, even though the conversion event only happened for the bow tie.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This question is tricky to answer because users could have completed these two conversion milestones across many products. For example, they may have viewed a pair of shoes, then a T-shirt, and eventually checked out with a bow tie. This would still count as a conversion, even though the conversion event only happened for the bow tie.
```

> Back to our initial questions, we want to see how many customers viewed an item detail page and then completed a purchase for the _same_ product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back to the initial questions, you want to see how many customers viewed an item detail page and then completed a purchase for the _same_ product.
```

> In this case, we would want to set `product_id` as the constant property. We would specify this in the configs as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, you want to set `product_id` as the constant property. You can specify this in the configs as follows:
```

```yaml
- name: view_item_detail_to_purchase_with_same_item
  description: "Conversion rate for users who viewed the item detail page and purchased the item"
  type: Conversion
  label: View Item Detail > Purchase
  type_params:
    conversion_type_params:
      calculation: conversions
      base_measure: view_item_detail
      conversion_measure: purchase
      entity: user
      window: 1 week
      constant_properties:
        - base_property: product
          conversion_property: product
```

> We will add an additional condition to the join to make sure the constant property is the same across conversion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will add an additional condition to the join to make sure the constant property is the same across conversions.
```

```sql
select distinct
  first_value(v.ds) over (partition by buy_source.ds, buy_source.user_id, buy_source.session_id order by v.ds desc rows between unbounded preceding and unbounded following) as ds,
  first_value(v.user_id) over (partition by buy_source.ds, buy_source.user_id, buy_source.session_id order by v.ds desc rows between unbounded preceding and unbounded following) as user_id,
  first_value(v.referrer_id) over (partition by buy_source.ds, buy_source.user_id, buy_source.session_id order by v.ds desc rows between unbounded preceding and unbounded following) as referrer_id,
  buy_source.uuid,
  1 as buys
from {{ source_schema }}.fct_view_item_details v
inner join
  (
    select *, {{ generate_random_uuid() }} as uuid from {{ source_schema }}.fct_purchases
  ) buy_source
on
  v.user_id = buy_source.user_id
  and v.ds <= buy_source.ds
  and v.ds > buy_source.ds - interval '7 day'
  and buy_source.product_id = v.product_id --Joining on the constant property product_id

```

</TabItem>

> </Tabs>

Reviewer: This ends rather abruptly. Do we want to have any summary or closing statement at the end?

Author: this is consistent with all other metric types so it might be fine for now, until we add more functions. I'm going to cc @Jstein77 in case we can add more use cases or functions (like filter)?
